[Music]
more than 750 different items are
produced here some of which are spam
cure 81 ham or male chili Demi Moore
beef stew range brand bacon and dry
sausage from balconies you can look
across entire rooms of assembly or
rather disassembly activity the rug boys
watch as hog carcasses are broken down
into primal cut the carcass passes over
a firmly anchored knife which separates
the two sides this is the first step in
the disassembly of the pork side another
phase of the disassembly process is the
separation of the shoulder and front
feet from the carcass or Merrill pigs
feet are delicacy items the front feet
from all the pigs Hormel buys are used
in the manufacture of this product
pickled pig's feet are very tasty and
attractively packaged to
you
pork shoulder and ham meat are taken
from this picnic boning line and used
for the manufacture of spam the most
popular luncheon meat in the country
mixer blades stir ground spam meat under
vacuum and refrigeration until it
becomes thoroughly blended the raw
material is then pumped to the canned
filling machines where the tins are
automatically filled and vacuum sealed
thousands of pounds of wieners are
produced daily at Hormel boneless beef
and pork gar the selected meats used in
the manufacture of Hormel wieners all
raw materials are kept under constant
cold temperatures the meat is dumped
into this huge grinder which is capable
of handling loads up to 1,000 pounds
freshly ground meat arrives from the
grinder the operator handles the
grinding scaling and conveying of meat
to the blender spices formulated in our
own flavoring Department are bagged for
each particular batch the blended
ingredients are now vacuum mixed it is
next transported to the emulsifier
hopper these I appealing products are
manufactured bein sand quality have
helped build the American consumers
acceptance of these various or male
products
then at the end
[Music]